Naya Brown
716-495-6073 - vnyabrown@gmail.com - github.com/vnyabrown - linkedin.com/in/naya-brown
Education
B.S. - Computer Science (May 2025)
SUNY Brockport
Brockport, NY
Projects
● SUNY Brockport Clothes Closet App
⎯ In an agile environment, lead a team of 5 students to design and develop a clothing
catalogue application for SUNY Brockport’s on-campus clothes closet.
⎯ Created use cases, sequence diagrams, and state diagrams detailing software
requirements and workflow for ease of implementation.
⎯ Developed using Java, HTML/CSS, and mySQL with an MVC structure.
● EduAlly: AI Integrated Assessment Tool
⎯ Collaborated with a team of 5-10 students in an agile environment to develop the
frontend for an AI-integrated assessment web app using Typescript, React and user
management through Clerk.
⎯ Participated in daily scrum meetings for progress reports, sprint planning, and task
management to ensure team efficiency.
⎯ Worked closely with the backend team to design and implement a RESTful architecture,
ensuring seamless API integration.
Work Experience
Wegmans Food Markets
● Pharmacy Technician (August 2025 – Current)
― Respond to customer inquiries regarding their medication while ensuring compliance with
HIPAA regulations at each stage of distribution: processing, dispensing, and point of sale.
― Use EnterpriseRX and data entry knowledge to process prescriptions, bill insurance and
manage medication inventory with high proficiency to process and dispense hundreds of
prescriptions daily.
― Utilize quick thinking and analyzation skills to diagnose and fix computer software and
medical hardware malfunctions for smooth daily operations.
● Cashier & Storefront Team Member (March 2023 – August 2025)
― Greeted customers with a welcoming aura, resolve customer needs at point of sale to ensure
customers leave the store satisfied.
― Exemplified quick thinking and problem solving by patiently reaching out to customers in
need, brainstorming with managers and coworkers to ensure a steady workday.
― Strengthened team spirit through volunteering to fulfill store needs, assisting neighboring
cashiers, helping with in-store operations such as routine cleaning, curbside delivery and
managing meal orders while meeting safety regulations and communicating efficiently.
Technical Skills
Languages: C, C++, Java, Python, SQL, R
Web Dev: React.js/Next.js, HTML/CSS, Javascript, Typescript
Version Control: Git/Github
Software: Docker, Postman, IntelliJ, Visual Studio Code, Microsoft Suite, EnterpriseRx
Awards & Community Engagement
● Undergraduate Research & Exceptional Engagement Awards Recipient @ SUNY Brockport
● President of Computing Sciences Club @ SUNY Brockport
● Girls in ICT Day Panel Speaker @ SUNY Brockport